[Kotlin Sync] Add additional SearchOperator helper methods for the rest of the Atlas Search operators (#87)
mongodb/docs-kotlin-sync: source/whats-new.txt

      the :ref:`MONGODB-OIDC: Kubernetes <kotlin-sync-auth-kubernetes>`
      section of the Enterprise Authentication Mechanisms guide

   .. replacement:: atlas-query-operators

>       the `SearchOperator Interface API documentation <{+api+}/com/mongodb/client/model/search/SearchOperator.html>`__

Reviewer: S: there's no search page but there is a section on the Aggregation page. Consider adding a note there?

   .. replacement:: atlas-query-operators

>       the :ref:`Pipelines Stages for Atlas Search
>       <kotlin-sync-atlas-search-stage>` section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      the :ref:`kotlin-sync-atlas-search-stage` section of the Aggregation guide
```
